Jiangnan, we are all for your own good.
Don't be fooled by him
What's up?
Wen Li, why did you do this?
The president is this little bitch who deliberately bumped into me
He's so bad.
Shut up, uncle should have a drill
It doesn't matter who caught you anymore
Whoever he says is who
Zombies came today just to tell you
I plan to leave the chengguan
These days
Thanks
What Wenli
Don't do what you regret, Wen Li
You thought it through
I just feel like
Since I practiced boxing
I only give myself
And the people around you are causing trouble
Lin Wenli
People like you are not suitable for learning to fight at all
Really, look at you, you can do it
Retired with burns
Don't listen to what others have to say.
Think for yourself if you're really not suitable
How is it possible to progress so fast?
Don't let a momentary setback defeat your own feet
Teacher Li Wenli taught you so much
It's not that you back down when you encounter something here
abandoned
If you really don't want to hit me, I won't force you
Sister Li
It's your personal choice.
I'll think about it.
I'll go first
Stop, Miss Yan, what else do you want?
I'm leaving soon.
No one will love your cat anymore
Lin Wenli, you are really unpromising
But I used to
He also regards you as an opponent who is capable of stealing relatives
Pardon me?
If you want to go, get out of here
Good to go
The gold belt must be mine
Do you really see me as your opponent?
Nonsense, I have seen all the players today
Only you can
Barely fight me
Xiangzi is also gone
I'm going to stand at the end
There are still people
Really consider me a respectable partner
Hand warm lotus
Think again.